wch-link/index.rst, before:

WCH-Link
========

WCH-Link is USB debbuger tool by WCH for flashing and debugging WCH RISC-V and ARM microcontrollers.

The WCH-Link has two modes of operation, DAPLink and RV (i.e. RISC-V).

This documentation refers to the RV mode of operation only, changing the mode of operation is also out of scope.

Device Descriptors
------------------

.. table:: Table 1 - Device Descriptors

	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+
	| Vendor ID    | 0x1a86       | QinHeng Electronics             |
	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+
	| Product ID   | 0x8010       |                                 |
	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+
	| Manufacturer | wch.cn       |                                 |
	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+
	| Product      | WCH-Link     |                                 |
	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+
	| Serial       | 0001A0000000 | Same serial accross all devices |
	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+

.. include:: usb_descriptors
	:literal:

Endpoints
~~~~~~~~~

The WCH-Link exposes 4 endpoints through a Vendor interface:

- 0x82:  EP 2 IN
- 0x02:  EP 2 OUT
- 0x81:  EP 1 IN
- 0x01:  EP 1 OUT

EP 2 IN/OUT is used for most of the communication, EP 1 IN/OUT is used for some flash related operations.

Protocol
--------

.. table:: Table 2 - Command packet format

	+-------------+--------+--------------+--------------+----------+
	| Byte        | 0      | 1            | 2            | 3 .. End |
	+=============+========+==============+==============+==========+
	| Description | Header | Command Page | Command Size | Command  |
	+-------------+--------+--------------+--------------+----------+

Header
~~~~~~

Fixed header byte:
- 0x81 for host command packets
- 0x82 for device response packets

Command Page
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Command page/group, used to identify how the command data will be interpreted.

Command Size
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Length in bytes of the remaining command data.

Command
~~~~~~~

Command data, interpreted according to the command page.

Command Pages
-------------

- ``0x02`` `Flash`_
- ``0x06`` `Flash protection`_
- ``0x08`` `DMI`_
- ``0x0d`` `System`_
- ``0x0e`` `Debug`_
- ``0x55`` `Error`_

.. _Flash: protocol/flash.html
.. _Flash protection: protocol/flash_prot.html
.. _DMI: protocol/dmi.html
.. _System: protocol/system.html
.. _Debug: protocol/debug.html
.. _Error: protocol/error.html

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 2
	:hidden:

	protocol/index

Commit message:

Add WCH-Link version note

wch-link/index.rst, after:

WCH-Link
========

WCH-Link is USB debbuger tool by WCH for flashing and debugging WCH RISC-V and ARM microcontrollers.

The WCH-Link has two modes of operation, DAPLink and RV (i.e. RISC-V).

This documentation refers to the RV mode of operation only, changing the mode of operation is also out of scope.

This documentation was based on the 2.5 firmware version, differences are expected between versions.

Device Descriptors
------------------

.. table:: Table 1 - Device Descriptors

	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+
	| Vendor ID    | 0x1a86       | QinHeng Electronics             |
	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+
	| Product ID   | 0x8010       |                                 |
	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+
	| Manufacturer | wch.cn       |                                 |
	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+
	| Product      | WCH-Link     |                                 |
	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+
	| Serial       | 0001A0000000 | Same serial accross all devices |
	+--------------+--------------+---------------------------------+

.. include:: usb_descriptors
	:literal:

Endpoints
~~~~~~~~~

The WCH-Link exposes 4 endpoints through a Vendor interface:

- 0x82:  EP 2 IN
- 0x02:  EP 2 OUT
- 0x81:  EP 1 IN
- 0x01:  EP 1 OUT

EP 2 IN/OUT is used for most of the communication, EP 1 IN/OUT is used for some flash related operations.

Protocol
--------

.. table:: Table 2 - Command packet format

	+-------------+--------+--------------+--------------+----------+
	| Byte        | 0      | 1            | 2            | 3 .. End |
	+=============+========+==============+==============+==========+
	| Description | Header | Command Page | Command Size | Command  |
	+-------------+--------+--------------+--------------+----------+

Header
~~~~~~

Fixed header byte:
- 0x81 for host command packets
- 0x82 for device response packets

Command Page
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Command page/group, used to identify how the command data will be interpreted.

Command Size
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Length in bytes of the remaining command data.

Command
~~~~~~~

Command data, interpreted according to the command page.

Command Pages
-------------

- ``0x02`` `Flash`_
- ``0x06`` `Flash protection`_
- ``0x08`` `DMI`_
- ``0x0d`` `System`_
- ``0x0e`` `Debug`_
- ``0x55`` `Error`_

.. _Flash: protocol/flash.html
.. _Flash protection: protocol/flash_prot.html
.. _DMI: protocol/dmi.html
.. _System: protocol/system.html
.. _Debug: protocol/debug.html
.. _Error: protocol/error.html

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 2
	:hidden:

	protocol/index
